Add snip-it about CPU limits to TN0009 (#177)
apollographql/docs: src/content/technotes/TN0009-gateway-performance.mdx

Additionally, we recommend keeping CPU utilization below 50%. At higher CPU utilization percentages, you may start to see event loop delays increase relative. Monitoring both metrics can help provide a clearer image of bottlenecks beyond just code profiling alone.

> If CPU throttling becomes a problem, consider removing the limits on your gateway pods. More information on why you would do this can be found [here](https://erickhun.com/posts/kubernetes-faster-services-no-cpu-limits/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CPU throttling becomes a problem, consider removing the limits on your gateway pods as discussed in [this blog post on Kubernetes resource limits](https://erickhun.com/posts/kubernetes-faster-services-no-cpu-limits/).
```

Reviewer: all the SEO work i did early in my career makes me itch when i see links that just say "here" 🤣
